We have already been questioned,
Ultimately relationships are a good thing,
It's entirely up to them to decide. Don't worry,
As long as they don't bully you,
I promised you to make you the happiest person in this world.
Did you ask?
Whatever you want to try is cheap, let’s see,
this. What should they do?
Teacher, do you know him?
Just incarnate and live as my own person, and figure out a way.
This, these are enough,
So our satellite TV has been booked.
This table has been reserved,
What seats are not reserved yet?
Although the seats for tomorrow have already been reserved, reservations have already been made.
You're a little waiter with good abilities and rules
Let your restaurant be in charge of the state church
And rules are my strength